Good progress we're making here, we finished our repository, which means we're ready now to go and
look at our review model.
We have this set up of four of you already, but we'll need to update a few things, of course, for
it to work as we've changed a few things.
Also now we're looking at the room database and there are other things we've changed, so we need to
make sure that our review model is ready for changes.
OK, so one step closer to look at the user interface in this case, the composable at the top level,
the user interface.
Let's go ahead and find.
View model that would go.
OK, so things are looking good, but now we're going to change a few types here, for instance.
The first thing we need to do is we're also going to inject, you know, the model here, our repository,
because remember, that's what we're trying to do.
We need, first of all, for our repository, we had to inject our DAO using Helt.
That was really simple.
And now we need a piece of our repository so that we can get access to what a repository has access
to in this case.
All right.
So we need to inject a repository into our view model.
Makes sense.
How do we do that?
Well, again, because we're using Helt, we can go ahead and say at inject constructor such and pass
our final score head.
And first of all, make sure that we import or inject there we go and call the Repository Note Repositories
section.
And that's it.
So now, what are we going to do because the type that we are getting, we are actually not not using
mutable states, right?
Because neutral state is real hard to get it to work with from.
So we've changed this.
So I'm going to just comment this out.
And instead, we are going to say private, I'm going to use the same name and we'll say fowl first
and I'm going to create a private right, say, note list.
So this will have all the notes and going say, mutable state flow like this.
So this is a type that I'm looking for.
And of course, it's going to be a list of notes object and to initialize it.
They just say empty list because we're using flow.
We're going to use the mutable state flow.
So this is going to be the private state.
So we are going to obviously have file here, which is going to be now a public state so you can see
the difference here.
We have underscore this means it's private.
It's going to be used only inside here and this is going to be our public API note, Lisa.
Such and I'm going to just say it's going to be equal to a note, a list of what we just created and
we're going to get say as state flow.
So we're going to get the state, all of these notes and we have to say as state flow to say that indeed
this is going to be holding a flow that is stateful, which is exactly what we need.
So let's not forget to add the at helt view model to annotate that this note view model is a hilt type.
OK, so let's go ahead and change a few things here.
So all of these will need to change because we've changed the tides and we've changed a lot of things.
So for our add note here, let's start by saying that let's make this a very codling like I say, this
one.
First of all, this is going to be suspend, right?
Because we're going to have Cortines like this and I'm going to use a repository.
And in this case here, and in this case, I'm going to say lunch, and in this case and we a few model
scope.
All right, because now we're inside of a call routine here.
I'm going to say lunch, invoke this block.
And here is what I'm going to say something like repository, get a repository and then invoke the add
note and pass the Note II section.
So it might as well just delete all of this and write them one by one grid, not suspend.
And let's say I update.
No.
Two and I have noticed we're going to be updating.
And when I say view, model scope, that launch repository, an update note passed that note.
And again.
Say remove note,
same thing, view, model, scope, launch repository, update.
That's going to be remove.
Well, maybe you recall the leaked note instead of.
Same thing, pass out a note.
So obviously in our init block here, we're not going to go and get the DNA source in LoDo notes with
that's old news, but also see that this isn't going to work because we've changed a few things.
So it's coming this out.
So what are we going to do here is we are going to retrieve items from our database when I say repository
to get all notes.
But remember, we're getting these notes differently now because we attach these notes or we wrap this
notes with a flow state, right?
So the best way to do this is obviously also add the view model scope here and then say lunch to launch
this code block, which is part of our call routine.
But what you can do inside also, I'm going to pass a dispatcher object here or dispatcher that is as
part of 13 when I say I.
So what this means?
There's a lot of information here and you can go and read about it.
But what are we trying to do here is that we want to make sure that our highway, if you use that as
an allergy, as an analogy, we want to make sure that his highway has a lot of different lanes.
So if we have a lot of different lanes or many lanes in our highway, that means we can have more influx
of cars.
So that's what we're saying here.
When we launch this code block, it is 14 per whatever we pass here.
We want to pass as many processes as many tasks as possible because we will have that space to do so.
OK?
And all of these items or all of these tasks will run in parallel.
OK.
So this is where I'm going to say a repository such as that gets old notes right and then invoke the
distinct until changed.
And then I'm going to say collect.
So now I'm going to be able to go and collect information.
In this case, it's going to be information coming in as a sequence of data flow.
So I have here my lambada and in our lab.
But of course, this I.T., it's passing a list of notes.
I can change this name to something it's more readable list of notes as such.
And then here I can even go ahead and check if this list of notes is not.
It's no more empty, such for now, I'm just going to say Log Rd and say an empty list like something
like this.
In any other case, that means we have something what we want to do.
Well, we want to populate our note list here with these values of lists.
I guess this is what we're going to be using in in our note fuel model to access all of the list, all
of the lists of notes we're getting from our database.
So simply, I'm going to say note list that value.
And when I said that, I'm going to get all the list and set that on to our note list like this.
So our note lists that value.
Now this state here, it's a mutable set flow should have all of the items from our database.
OK, so now that we finished this structure, we started from Dow and then created a room database and
we understand all of that.
And then we created this repository like the the source of truth for all the single source of truth,
for all of the data.
So anybody who wants something from our database, they will go through the repository.
So it's just a clean way to put it clean structure, and we put together the view model.
Notice now the structure we're using for our data, it's not a lot of data and it's not mutable state
because with.
Room mutable state is really hard to work with, at least that's what I found.
So flow, it's recommended.
So we're using flow instead of life data or mutable state.
You could have used life data, but I chose flow.
Now we're ready to implement our user interface.
In this case, our composable so get our view model and see if we can start pulling pulling in data
that we have been working so hard for.
I show, you know, a user interface.
All right.
So we will do that in the next video.